doc/md: guide on testing with compose (#1335)
ariga/atlas: doc/md/guides/testing/docker-compose.md

---
id: integration-docker-compose
title: Integration tests with docker-compose
slug: /guides/testing/docker-compose
---
When developing an application that uses a database, it's important to test your application
against a real database. As good as your unit tests may be, some issues can only be caught
by running proper integration tests.

If you use Atlas to manage your database schema, it only makes sense to use Atlas to
prepare your database for integration tests as well. One way to achieve this is by
using [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) to create a test
environment for your tests to run against. Docker-compose allows you to easily spin up a test database and run your
migrations against it, so you can verify that the application works as expected with the updated schema.

> On a high-level, the process of setting up integration tests with docker-compose looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From a high-level view, the process of setting up integration tests with docker-compose looks like this:
```
